Self-Study questions for Sprint 2



    What is the difference between an adaptive website and a fully responsive website?
	An adaptive website adapts to screen sizing but has no breakpoints so it doesn't
	re-arrange elements at certain sizes like a fully responsive site with breakpoints.
	With breakpoints you can set a specific screen size for elements on your page to 
	move into different places, or just change any element in general, when the user's
	screen reaches a certain size in pixels.

    Describe what it means to be mobile first vs desktop first.
	Desktop first design means using "max-width" in your @media breakpoints because you are
	designing from the desktop version down. You start at the max-width size of a desktop and
	as the user resizes their screen, the website will hit a specified breakpoint as the screen
	is sized down, and the elements on the screen will change according to the max-width of the 
	screeen. It scales down from desktop, to tablet, to mobile in most cases. Mobile first is
	the opposite direction of screen sizing. Instead of sizing down, you are building for a small
	screen first and then sizing up to desktop. For this you would use "min-width" for the 
	@media breakpoints because you are sizing up.

    What does font-size: 62.5% in the html tag do for us when using rem units?
	"font-size: 62.5%" when placed in the html tag, makes all fonts scale down to 62.5% of their
	inherit size which is 16px. The reason we do this because 62.5% of 16px equals 1rem which 
	equals 10px. If 1 rem equals 10px for the entire document, the our math for sizing fonts gets
	much easier because 1.6rem now equals 16px and our font-sizing is fully responsive.

    How would you describe preprocessing to someone new to CSS?
	When you're new to CSS you quickly learn that in order to access elements within elements you
	have to write it out long form. To get to an element within and element that is also within an
	element you have to write out the path to reach it. Instead of doing that, you can use a 
	compiler that automatically writes your CSS for you while you write your code into the 
	compiler using their rules to make your code more readable. In this example, the idea
	of being able to nest your elements within parent elements directly in your CSS, is called:
	nesting.

    What is your favorite concept in preprocessing? What is the concept that gives you the most trouble?
	My favorite concept in preprocessing, if I had to pick one, is importing different less files
	to seperate the different sections of the document in CSS. If I want to style the navigation
	I simply go to the "navigation.less" file and style the navigation there. This makes it so I 
	can just look at a few lines of code, or just the code for that individual section, instead 
	of searching through thousands of lines of code. The original index.css file can have 
	thousands of lines of code in it, making it very tedious to have to find certain styled
	sections of your document.
